Flink SQL tutorial (#1512)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/aggregating-minmax/flinksql/markup/dev/transient-query.adoc

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="sql">{% include_raw tutorials/aggregating-minmax/flinksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/transient-query.sql %}</code></pre>
+++++

This should yield the following output:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/aggregating-minmax/flinksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/expected-transient-query.log %}</code></pre>
+++++

Enter `Q` to return to the Flink SQL prompt.

Note that these results were materialized in memory and printed in a human readable table representation because the default `sql-client.execution.result-mode` configuration value is `table`. You can view non-materialized streaming results as a changelog by running `SET 'sql-client.execution.result-mode' = 'changelog';`
and rerunning the same query. The results will look like this:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="shell">{% include_raw tutorials/aggregating-minmax/flinksql/code/tutorial-steps/dev/expected-transient-query-changelog.log %}</code></pre>
+++++

> Or, as a third option, you can see streaming results non-materialized and inline in the SQL client by running ``SET 'sql-client.execution.result-mode' = 'tableau';`` and rerunning the query once more. In this case, the results will look very similar to `changelog` mode results. This is because tables sourced by the Kafka connector are _unbounded_ and can thus only be queried in `streaming` mode. For further reading on these Flink SQL concepts, see https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.16/docs/dev/table/sqlclient/#sql-client-result-modes[here] for more on result modes and https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.16/docs/dev/datastream/execution_mode/[here] for more on streaming execution as compared to batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, as a third option, you can see streaming results non-materialized and inline in the SQL client by running ``SET 'sql-client.execution.result-mode' = 'tableau';`` and rerunning the query once more. In this case, the results will look very similar to `changelog` mode results. This is because tables sourced by the Kafka connector are _unbounded_ and can thus only be queried in `streaming` mode. For further reading on these Flink SQL concepts, consult the documentation on  https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.16/docs/dev/table/sqlclient/#sql-client-result-modes[SQL client result modes]  and https://nightlies.apache.org/flink/flink-docs-release-1.16/docs/dev/datastream/execution_mode/[streaming vs. batch execution]
```
